Added python script to make manifest file (#4)
MoTrPAC/motrpac-tools: README.md

# motrpac-tools
Scripts and Tools useful for MoTrPAC

## make_manifest.py

- Makes manifest for submission MoTrPAC files to  BIC
- Requires [Python 3.x](https://www.python.org)
- Examples:
    - `./make_manifest.py --help`

       _outputs help info_

  - `./python make_manifest.py /path/to/upload/ manifest.csv`

     _makes `manifest.cvs` based on files in `/path/to/upload/`_

```
usage: make_manifest.py [-h] data_path output

Creates manifest for submission to BIC: a comma separated file table of
relative file paths and md5 sums.

positional arguments:

>   data_path   full base path of the data submission

Reviewer: Considering that the use case of this script, it might be helpful to expand on what "base path" means in this context. Maybe "Full path to folder containing all files for data submission"?

Author: that's more clear. added to py and readme

  output      Path to the output file

optional arguments:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
```

## hash_files.py

> - Simple file to show how to make has digests. THIS DOES NOT MATCH THE CURRENT SPEC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Simple file to show how to make hash digests. _NOTE: THIS DOES NOT MATCH THE CURRENT SUBMISSION SPEC_
```

Reviewer 2: Please fix typo
